Oh.
Darn it, I forgot to change that.
That is annoying.
Next time we're going to start with a good song because I didn't want to do that today because I didn't want to bust out my, uh, I didn't want to bust out my, my copyright thing on Twitch, but I guess I probably just did it right there, but hopefully we won't kill too much of it over there.
Thank you very much for joining me.
Um, it's not Palantir.
I forgot to change that slide.
I apologize.
you
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst-case scenario.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
I'm not sure exactly who he is.
His name is JJ Cooey, and I believe he's a consultant for CHD.
And I believe he has a PhD in some sort of scientific discipline, from what I understand.
Did Tucker really interview Jeffrey Sachs?
When and where?
A link in the chat would be spectacular, Christy.
Wow, that's an interesting one.
I'm sure Mark will get a little chuckle out of that one.
The number one speaker at the Vatican, Jeffrey Sachs.
Welcome to the show, everybody.
I messed that up again, too.
It's funny.
I go through the same thing on the basketball court with my jump shot.
Sometimes I can't miss, and sometimes everything doesn't quite fit right.
And that's how you know that this is being done live.
It's like I got a bass drum strapped on my back that's attached to my leg and a snare and a cymbal attached to my elbow.
harmonica strapped to my head.
Anyway, we're in interesting times to say the very least.
We've got a lot of work to do.
And we've got a lot of, we've got a lot of new bridges to build, I think, ladies and gentlemen, new bridges to build as we finally gotten to the stage where we can accurately describe how I think, how we think we have been misled.
More cowbell It's glad to see everybody in the chat Getting excited already about looking at these goldfish Talking about these central issues that nobody seems to want to talk about Nobody wants to talk about most things in a reasonable way in fact
It's one of the ways that you can see nobody's really making progress.
In fact, it doesn't seem like anybody's made progress for almost since 2021 when Robert Malone so eloquently laid out the Scooby-Doo mystery and its potential solutions to Paul Cuttrell in 2021, August 2021.
And I think if we just keep trying to objectively let as many people as possible who can see if shown, see what has been done to them, then we might have a chance of turning the tide before they start to get to the stage where everyone just believes this nonsense.
I can't tell if my voice is a lot louder than the music or if the music's a lot louder than my voice.
It's very hard for me
to adjust that in the monitor.
All I know for sure, music is loud.
See, I knew that.
It's very hard for me to emphasize how important it is that you reflect on our history.
A very good thing for us to do right now as a homework assignment, to try and break some of the power that these charlatans have over us,
would be kind of a crowdsourced effort on our soapbox to drop in as many links at the soapbox that you can with regard to SV40 in its earliest stages because someone like Mark Kulak, who's not a biologist, has posited that SV40 is just basically a name that they had on a tube.
and they were just shaking around a bunch of tubes and one of those tubes was named SV40 and now we've come to call that a virus.
Now if that interesting mythology is actually part of this wave, that it is with biology and the truth of biology and our sacred biology that I think that we can surf this wave and figure out a way out of this,
then we really need to add that to our surfboard because it will edify everything else that we are going to be exposed to over the next few months.
I don't think it was slime vat number 40, but it was something like that.
And it would be very good for us to start working on papers that we can assemble together as part of an additional patch on our surfboard
And I would be more than willing to look at everything that anyone wants to post up there and try to make a synthesis of it as best I can, the SV40, and what it is and what it isn't, and through history, if you will.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you've been here for a while, you might be at the top of the wave with us.
Otherwise, you might be a skilled TV watcher that needs to be taught to stay focused on the biology, shown how not to take their bait on social media, and in fact,
helped to learn again how to love their neighbor.
So, ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for sharing my stream.
Thank you very much for those people who have gone to GigaOM Biological and found a way to support this work.
It is a family of five in Pittsburgh, and I have other means of earning money that are less
less consistent than a job.
And so between the support that I get here and on Substack, and also with this occasional side work, I am able, we are able to make ends meet.
But it is, we're about to have two teenagers in the house, one in high school.
It is an extraordinary time to be talking to young people.
I got a story
I think I have the card here.
I have a story that I want to tell before we go on Too much into the main video and I won't be able to get through the whole main video Because I do need to do a live stream at one o'clock for someone else and so yeah, we're trying to trying to start a
sort of helping everybody get to the stage where they can engage in informed non-compliance and ideally united informed non-compliance, united under the same understanding of who we are as a people and what we consider sovereignty to mean.
And so let's get on with that.
do
Good morning from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
My name is Jonathan Couey, and this is Gigaohm Biological, a high resistance low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
That's me.
It's the 28th of May 2024.
And there is has been a recent podcast with a few people that I some of whom I think are quite suspect in some ways.
And so I just want to
Watch the first part of this discussion, take some notes, point out some highlights for you, and then probably put the second half of this podcast on tomorrow.
I am a human just like you.
I am lucky enough to be married to my best friend.
And we have three children together who are for the most part healthy and just as annoying as every other child on the planet.
But they are also our children and our responsibility to protect and to educate into adulthood so that they can safely navigate a world full of people willing to take advantage of them.
This is the reality.
This is the truth.
Truth is good for kids.
And I think with regard to the biology, I think it's really good to start kids early with these statements, even if they don't fully understand their meaning.
One day they will.
And when they understand their meaning, they're going to be a little upset with a lot of their adults that they trusted during the pandemic.
They might be a little upset with their doctor.
They might be a little upset with their friends, their teachers, maybe even the people that they trusted the most.
But it's not going to change the truth of these three statements, and no matter how much people attribute bad motives to what I'm doing here, they will not, like really in any significant way, acknowledge this screen and this part of the video.
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
transfection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent, and that there are hundreds of thousands of biologists and doctors around the world who should have known better, that with just a little more chin rubbing or a little bit more head scratching and a little bit more reading, they would have figured it out.
And the same goes with RNA cannot pandemic.
There are thousands of academic biologists who should have known better, should have been able to question the fundamental principle that an RNA molecule, if it had the right particular base sequence, could perpetuate itself around the world with fairly high fidelity so that we could track it with millions of measurements.
This is an absurdity beyond absurd.
biologically impossible.
And there are lots of ways that that data could exist.
There's lots of ways that that signal could exist, but it's not what they said it was.
And there's always a trap there where it's like, well, then what was it, man?
No, that's not how this works.
If someone has
murdered people and lied about it.
I don't have to come out and explain why their lie is a lie.
It's just a lie.
We may have 10 years or 20 years of work ahead of us before we understand the breadth and the depth of this lie, how bad it is, how far it goes into, into cancer and into, into all these other CITO
I don't know what the right word would be here, cellular biological, molecular biological domains.
We don't know to what extent each of these is based on exaggeration and lies.
And they get away with a lot of it because of the hyper specialization and also because of the proprietarization of all of these ideas and methodologies.
And anywhere there's a black box, we already need to be suspicious.
And for some reason or another, we are running headlong, blindly into the future under the pretenses that all of these high fidelity measurements and understandings are not the illusion that they are.
We are surrounded by Theranos level liars, arguing with other Theranos level liars.
And we are being made to believe if we can just figure out which of these people has got it right, then we'll know which way to run.
And they are the walls of the hog trap that we are trapped in.
They are the fence.
Every one of them is a different section of the fence, a different set of ideas, slightly different angle, but they all work together the same way to make sure that you can't get past them.
And it's the spread of these bad ideas and how elegantly they spread together and how elegantly they make people who want to do the right thing feel like they're being, that they're doing the right thing, that they're getting the attention that they need.
That's why Nick Hudson and Byron Bridle and Denny Rancor were invited to Romania to present.
That's why they've never been invited to a Freedom Summit in America.
Wouldn't want that.
And then the people who met them over in Romania came and spoke in front of the Senate.
And they left out the part about there's no evidence of, you know, anything really spreading.
And in fact, it just seems like a lot of bad ideas being spread by different authorities led to the effective manslaughter of thousands of people that was misconstrued as the start of a crisis.
And here we are.
Now, I titled the stream on Twitch, Clown Show Random Sampling Study Hall, but it's actually a video from a week or two ago of McKernan, Kirsch, Martinson, and Bridle.
And I think there are so many different reasons why this stream is significant for me.
And I want to share those with you because, again, it's one of these things where seeing the alien is one thing,
Um, seeing the alien on Twitter is one thing, but having had private conversations with people over the last four years and knowing how they've ignored you, knowing how they've absorbed some of your ideas, but not all of them, some of the language, but not all of it.
This stream is extremely significant to me because I see
evidence of an ongoing orchestrated
I don't want to use the words that everybody else uses, like controlled opposition, but it is an illusion of a discussion.
It is an illusion of people coming together and getting these ideas out together.
It's not that way at all.
The people that are orchestrating what you're about to see were already part of an ongoing behind the scenes narrative
Curation Group.
T. Morris Case Scenario.
And so when we watch this video, I'm going to need to do a little bit of an introduction.
I'm going to need to interrupt it a lot.
And that's why I'm already telling you we're only going to go for about an hour.
And then after that, I'm going to cut it.
And then we're going to do another one tomorrow because it is, it's important to keep
steady pressure, steady work, but not to run ourselves out.
And this is gonna be a long slog here.
It's a long walk yet to wherever we're going and my boots are wet and so are yours.
And so let's just try to get a good march in every day.
I'm feeling really good today just to let everybody know I've been having some health issues that I have been unable to
get my head around.
And in some ways that's not, that's not a, it's actually a part of it.
And today it's not there.
And I have changed only one thing in my pattern.
So I don't want to speak it out loud and say, Oh, that's what it is.
I knew it.
But over the next couple of days, if, if this continues to make me, to make it feel better I'm really excited about it because it's been,
Worrisome, let's say it's not something that's prevented me from doing anything But it is something that you never want to have something like this in the background and so It is a really nice day today, so I'm very excited Very happy to be here and thank you very much for joining me Anybody who's wearing Crocs I Don't know what to say Don't tell me that again
Uh, here we go.
Let's see.
I think I already have it up there.
I think it's right here.
Isn't it?
Yeah.
Okay.
So this is, uh, this is Kirsch.
Uh, it's McKernan, Kirsch, Martinson and bridal.
So, um, should I already do that?
Maybe I should.
Um, okay.
So I'm going to put this back up and do that.
That thing again, get off me.
Uh,
So you know who Kevin McKernan is.
He cut his teeth at the Human Genome Project and he was on my stream twice in 2022, I believe.
It might have even been 21 and 22.
And we've had a stream also together in 2023 in March on St.
Patrick's Day, where myself, Jessica Rose, Stephanie Seneff, John Bodwin, and Kevin McKernan each presented our
angle on the big alien that we're calling the plandemic.
And after that stream, things between Kevin McKernan and I became
Pretty lame.
He started to accuse me of, I don't know what, talking out of my ass or whatever, but he started to just, boy, blocked me and then he didn't talk nice about me after that and he said that my ideas were dumb.
And infectious clones didn't mean anything.
The Steve Kirsch story for me is that Steve Kirsch invited me to be in his steering committee and I would,
You got to apologize.
We're not writing a book here yet.
I think this was in 2022.
I would have to look at the notebooks behind me to find out when it is.
It might have been, I think it was in 2022.
I've got invited to the steering committee.
And in that, at that time, the steering committee was Stephanie Seneff and Kevin McKernan and Jessica Rose and Matthew Crawford and, and, and Mark Giraudeau and John Bodwin.
And maybe I forgot one, but of course I can list them.
And so that's a very curious group of people, right?
Because Marc Giraudeau has recently been on Campbell saying that all intramuscular injection has this one in nine possibility of going in the vein.
And then if it does, all kinds of bad things can happen.
And that explains everything.
Kevin McKernan is on here.
Jessica Rose is EpiGirl.
Matthew Crawford has also just gone absolutely left of crazy town on me saying that he was trying to help my family by starting a business with me, which I don't know what he really means.
I've never seen his math curriculum.
I don't know what his deal is as a teacher.
I just know that at some point he kind of flipped out on me and was angry that I wouldn't take Mark Kulak as the
military intelligence officer that he was and that I didn't believe that he had been abused as a child or something like this and You know, you can probably find it on a lot of his substacks because he writes about this stuff But whatever it was I found it very very strange that this all happened the day after or maybe two days after and
George Webb, listen to this carefully, George Webb, myself, Mark Kulak, and Mark and Matt Crawford did a Rounding the Earth podcast where Mark and I were the guests and George Webb phoned in.
And so I'm suggesting that George Webb and Matt Crawford and
Brett Weinstein and Robert Malone and all these people have been pretending to get into arguments and and pretending to start their own signal chat or their own gab group or whatever and they're all just pulling from the same group of fooled individuals that have
really invigorously engaged in solving the Scooby-Doo mystery and said that all they have to do is pull a fraction of those people here or there and they've effectively neutralized them from ever coming together under the understanding that they murdered people and lied about it.
And so one of the problems that was there very early is Byron Bridle.
And there's lots of people who've made the argument before me that the whole reason that Robert Malone, Brett Weinstein, and Steve Kirsch came out in June of 2021, when they did, was because Byron Bridle was getting so much attention in the media at that time for having spoken out about the FOIA request results that he got from Japan on the biodistribution of the LNP.
And so the last really interesting thing here is Chris Martinson, who was on the PBS NewsHour in 2008 as a former farmer executive who had decided to go into living off-grid and sustenance farming and whatever because he was sure the American financial system was about to collapse.
And at the very, very beginning of the pandemic was way ahead of the lab leak and doing a daily podcast about the coronavirus updates and everything on YouTube.
And curiously enough, when I was added to a signal chat that at the time contained Brett Weinstein, Chris Martinson was also one of the other people in there.
And so Chris Martinson has been watching me text to Brett Weinstein about this immunology and about why it should be called transfection since early 2021.
I think.
I have to look at the notes again when that signal chat started and ended.
And so now in 2024, it's a very interesting cast of characters to have together all on one podcast to talk about the double-stranded contamination, double-stranded DNA contamination of the transfections.
So I think it's really cool.
It's also really spooky to me because I know exactly, I know exactly what's going on here.
This is Byron Bridle being,
being made to feel like he's really being heard, made to feel like he's really making a difference.
And maybe in Canada, he will.
One of the things that I also want to start with before I let the video play, and then I'll go, I'll let it go.
I'm sorry, I'm doing this so long, is that there is starting, I've become aware of a game being played.
Make no mistake about it.
The legal system in other countries is different than the legal system in the United States of America.
And there is no way that a lawyer from Canada can come down to America and just start practicing law.
There are whole terms and meanings of things that don't exist up there, don't exist in the UK, don't exist in Australia.
And so they have a very different fight on their hands.
And that's one of the reasons why it's very important for Americans to focus a lot of their energy on America.
and not to be distracted by people who are debating what's going on in Canada and other places because those people are the only people who can pull their heads out.
And we are the only people that can pull our children's heads out in America using American's legal system in this situation that we are in, in America.
And since each of us in our respective countries are in a very different trap, it can often become very,
counterproductive for us to argue about the contents, the makeup, the actual circumstances of our individual trap.
And one of the things that's happening on this video is that we're going to talk about the regulatory legal structure
that governs whether or not these shots are actually adulterated or not and which countries they are adulterated.
And this is a hamster wheel that we do not want to get in.
But these guys really want us to get in and have convinced Byron Bridle that that's a legitimate
a set of questions to ask.
So that's really what I want you to pay attention to.
What questions are they asking?
What are they focused on?
What are they not focused on?
And notice that Kevin McKernan will use the word transfection repeatedly, and that's because of our work.
That's it.
It's because of our work.
Otherwise they would never
ever, ever be calling it transfection because before I started calling it transfection in 2020, nobody, not even Mike Eden was calling it transfection.
Make no mistake about that.
I will definitely put my flag on that one.
That's essentially why I was fired from the University of Pittsburgh and asked not to come back.
because I was yelling at people in the hallway.
It's transfection, not an investigational vaccine.
You can't possibly not know this.
And then they said, please don't come in, mail in your badge and keys.
We don't feel comfortable with you on campus anymore.
All right, let's check this out, because I think it's really good.
I think you're really going to enjoy it.
I'm not going to go,
I'm not going to go too far into it today.
And maybe we won't do it tomorrow either, because maybe it's not that interesting.
But I do think it's instructive to see how easy it is for us to see or not see where the limited spectrum of debate is and how these three guys are working to hold Byron Bridle within it, without him actually knowing that they're holding him within it.
And that's what you should see here.
That's what I see.
Hi, Steve Kirsch here.
I'm here with Dr. Kevin McKernan and Professor Myron Bridle.
And we're talking about this plasmid contamination in the vaccines.
And I've got a lot of questions.
I think you probably have a lot of questions.
We're going to go through them with these experts and get your questions answered.
And I'm going to try to start with kind of the most serious and the ones that are on most people's minds, which is, you know, the press isn't making a big deal of this.
The medical community is not in arms.
Nobody's calling for the stoppage of these vaccines because the experts say there's nothing nothing to see here.
And so there's nothing to worry about.
So let's start off with that, because that's the elephant in the room.
Because when I've talked to Kevin and Byram about this, they say that this is very serious, you cannot write this off, and that these so-called experts, that they're saying there's nothing to see here, it's all based on speculation, and this could be extremely, extremely serious.
Is that correct?
gentlemen.
You want to start?
Sure.
Yeah, you're 100% correct, Steve.
We don't have, you know, Kevin, and the others who have been directly producing this, this, these data, right, Kevin, Kevin made this discovery, lots of other labs have confirmed it.
They
I mean, we're lacking the data to definitively state what exactly could be happening biologically, which means, since Kevin and his colleagues are the ones who have generated and have the data, these other experts who are being asked, they do not have the data.
They have no idea.
They can only speculate.
What we do know—this is very, very, very, very important.
Health Canada, right?
The equivalent of the FDA, but in my country, Canada.
Health Canada has confirmed, and they seem to respond once Kevin reported his findings, they went and looked, and they have confirmed the presence of the SV40 promoter in the bacterial plasmid DNA that Pfizer used to manufacture
their shots.
Health Canada has also confirmed that it is a bioactive genetic sequence, which means that it can do things in the body.
And they can't definitively say or rule out the potential for harm, but they have admitted that it's bioactive if it should be contaminating the vials.
Now we have data due to the work that Kevin did with Dr. David Speaker, a virologist in Canada, showing that all the vials they looked at for Pfizer in Canada were also contaminated with this bacterial plasma DNA.
So indeed it is there, it is being injected into people.
And Health Canada has also confirmed
that that was not disclosed to them by Pfizer.
And finally, they've confirmed that that is against the rules.
It breaks the rules.
So no, nobody can say definitively that this can cause no harm.
Nobody knows.
You agree with that?
Yeah, I'll just one minor correction is I'm not a physician or a doctor.
So I just want to let everyone know that my position here is really good.
I'm good at studying DNA.
It's there.
All right.
We've got that confirmed all over the world.
Six different labs.
We would have it in 12 more labs.
We've got a list of labs asking for these PCR kits.
We couldn't supply them because we just didn't have enough of them.
So we finally have them manufactured at some scale where we can give them out to more people.
It's there in the vials.
The next question is, is it in patient samples that have been injured?
Is it in patient samples that haven't been injured?
We need to look at both populations to see what's going on here.
So for those not familiar with what this bioactive molecule is, this SV40 enhancer has been published prolifically as being a tool used in gene therapy.
So it takes DNA and drags it right to the nucleus in hours.
We can also forward your audience other papers suggesting that when you do mammalian transfection like this, a subset of the cells, somewhere around 7% to 10% of the cells get permanently integrated when you bombard them with linear fragments of DNA like this.
So to say that this isn't an issue is really, I think, willful misconduct.
You have to take a precautionary principle and say, no, wait a minute, we don't know if this is an issue.
We know there's DNA in there that shouldn't be, that was never disclosed and never consented to.
We know it's in a transfection vehicle, and we know it has a sequence that drags it to the nucleus.
Those three things are enough to ring alarm bells to stop.
Stop and look to see if there's integration happening.
Because if there is, there's a whole host of other complications that we have to begin looking at.
So yeah, go ahead.
Yeah, I mean, at a very minimum, the regulators should be warning the public.
They should be saying, well, we have a major problem here.
We're looking into it.
You probably don't want to if you don't need to be vaccinated, don't be vaccinated right now until we can look into this.
Isn't that what the regulators should be doing right now?
I'll comment from the perspective of Health Canada, Steve.
Yes.
Again, I can't emphasize this enough.
Health Canada has stated in an email, so it's publicly available.
They've stated in an email that this is not supposed to be there.
And they've confirmed that it's a bioactive molecule.
It's not supposed to be there.
It breaks the rules.
I mean, if they want to maintain any
a thread of trust in them by the public.
They need to immediately put a moratorium on this.
Any other drug that would be found with a contaminant that was not disclosed to them would be recalled immediately.
That is exactly what should happen.
So I actually disagree with you.
I wouldn't say if there's anybody who doesn't need it, don't take it.
I would say Health Canada
The onus is on you now.
You admitted this months ago, but you were wishful, or you at least were okay, because Kevin's data was reserved to the U.S.
It wasn't linked to your regulatory policies.
But now Kevin and David Speaker and others have shown that it applies to Canada's
vaccine vials.
So now the public knows this, and the onus is on you.
You have a contaminant now that you have publicly disclosed to everybody, is not supposed to be there, was not revealed to you, it breaks your rules.
I mean, this is the case, Steve.
How many lies do you have to tell to be a liar?
One, right?
So if Health Canada wants to restore faith, they have to immediately recall this product.
But they haven't.
They've done nothing.
They've done nothing other than confirm it.
I'm really confused on what they're waiting for.
The adoption rate of these is so low, like what thread are they hanging it onto to keep them there?
There's very minimal risk for them to pull these at this stage when no one's taking, very few people taking them anyway.
I think it's important nonetheless that we push on this because there's children and pregnant women and a host of people that don't know this information that are getting hit with it.
Yeah, can I mention one more thing, Steve, just based on what Kevin said?
What's very important is Kevin and David Speaker and several other authors have this preprint that they just put out, which includes this Canadian data.
But what also is included in there is very important, because it backs up what Kevin was saying.
I agree.
When I say that there's no hard evidence of harm, I'm talking about those people who are saying there's nothing to see here, right?
There is no problem.
They have no evidence of that.
Like Kevin mentioned, there are lots of theoretical harms, lots of theoretical harms, lots of potential mechanisms whereby this bioactive genetic sequence could cause harm.
That is in and of itself sufficient.
It should be sufficient in science to say, we've got to stop.
We've got to do the research now to definitively answer these questions.
But get this, what they showed in this preprint article is that the batches, the Canadian batches, they were able to link them to adverse event reports and the batches that were most contaminated
were associated with the highest number of adverse events that have been reported.
There's a correlation there, right?
So in fact, there is some evidence in the hands of Kevin and his co-authors, right, that does suggest harm.
Irreparable harm, by the way, right?
Yes.
And that correlation was evident with Pfizer.
It wasn't evident with Moderna.
But we need more data.
There obviously could be confounders here.
But this is what VAERS is designed for, is hypothesis generation, when you see signals like this.
And there's other data that's not in the paper that is public that people should try.
If you plot those on those charts, they'll reinforce this.
Like Philip Buchholz
Lots weren't in this because they weren't from Canada.
And those have even more DNA than what we found in Canada and higher adverse events.
We also have another lot that's come in FL0003 from Pfizer that is off the charts on DNA concentration and off the charts on adverse events.
They're the lots that were in Germany.
So there's a couple other lots floating out there that all sort of reinforce this trend that higher concentrations of DNA are having higher adverse events.
I find it really extraordinary that we're here and still no one has come up with the idea that these companies might have put out placebo batches in order to make sure that the injuries weren't widespread or to control the narrative a little further.
And I find it very interesting that now we're telling a story about batches that were the most contaminated were associated with more injury.
That's a really extraordinary claim.
I'm not saying that they don't have the data.
Probably Kevin's got all the data for that.
But it's not that different than what Sasha Latupova was trying to push two years ago in front of Craig Pardecoper, who was claiming to have found batch differences in the UK.
batch differences were also reported in Denmark.
So I'm not really sure if they're talking about those previous reports or some new one that they did with regard to the DNA, because they could be making and misconstruing the different batches and different injuries with the idea that maybe they had more contamination, they would also have more RNA.
as they're gonna get to later on in this talk, we might not get to it today together, we'll get to it tomorrow then, they're gonna talk about how the shot is made and why it is that they can't get rid of all the DNA in there, what the problem is.
And the reason that is a problem is directly related to the amount of RNA that's in there.
And so if we have a scenario where, again, there were placebo batches or dose differences or whatever that was done in order to make sure
that the obvious criminal negligence that represents the rolling out of transfection across the entire population, for that to be obfuscated, they needed to do all kinds of tricks.
And this is a very dumb, simple solution to the Scooby-Doo mystery of why did transfection hurt so many people?
And it's not because of quality control.
It's not because of, it's because of all of these things.
And they want you to believe it's simply this SV40.
Remember what Byram said.
He said that there's lots of theoretical ways this sequence can cause harms.
So make no mistake about it.
This is about a particular sequence being present.
Not all the double-stranded DNA, not all, even though sometimes it is because even a little double-stranded DNA integrating in the wrong place could knock out a gene or could disrupt it.
And they do mention that once or twice, but again, they are focused on the SV40 sequence, which I believe we could make a lot of progress if we had a better understanding of what exactly
That idea where that idea started from and how it really grew into what we understand it today which is as a sequence of DNA which can direct that DNA and anything attached to it or sequential with it into the nucleus which is what he will say it is primarily used for in in these industrial settings
So I think as more data rolls in, that chart will begin to reinforce itself on the Pfizer side.
I don't know what's going on on the Moderna side.
There's a lot of different components to Moderna.
They have lower DNA levels, but their adverse events don't seem to be tracking with the DNA concentrations at the moment.
But we'll see if that changes when more data rolls in.
Again, Moderna doesn't have this SV 40 contamination system.
So they're kind of on a different playing field right now.
Yeah, so that but but if you're So Moderna was better than Pfizer.
It seems like to me Moderna better than Pfizer, which is already again That's actually great for the NIH and for Fauci and for all the people right because that that's that's theirs Moderna's theirs
Interesting.
In the middle here in terms of, hey, some experts say this and some experts say this, the data that you have is moving it towards the, hey, folks, this is very serious.
It's not moved.
The data that we have, the little data that we're getting suggests
that this is much more serious than there's nothing going on here.
In other words, if you had to call the odds here, it's like if you were to call the odds about that this is serious or very serious, would you give me 60-40 odds?
Would you give me 80-20 odds?
What's your feeling if I were to ask you for a number?
Higher.
95-5.
We've got evidence there being a problem here.
It was not disclosed to the regulators.
VAERS is on fire.
And we now see this contaminant in many, many vials internationally.
So I don't think they should leave them any wiggle room here on what needs to be done.
This is a hit-the-brakes moment.
OK, Byron.
Now, keep in mind that I put out a review with not all the right ideas.
But as far as they're concerned, they were all the right ideas.
in May 2021 that I could have put out in December of 2020, but I got meddled with for a while and it got delayed.
May 2021, you can go back and read it.
I have it up on my Scooby link on GigaOM Biological because I realized that I was meddled into writing that review and meddled into it being the contents of what it was.
I had been meddled with.
At that time, I actually believed that Geert van den Bosch had something to say that was useful.
I believed that transfecting people to the spike protein could create a limited immune memory, and I had all this mechanism worked out in my head how the changing virus could then make those people even sicker, and I don't know what.
I was fooled.
And as a result, I wasn't able to express myself in a way that could save my friend Nathan or my friend Annie or my father-in-law or my sister-in-law.
All of whom were fully shot and died some way that they shouldn't have died, I'm sure of it.
My father-in-law died of urinary tract infection in a hospital because they didn't have enough people.
And my mother-in-law is vaccinated because I wasn't there yet.
I wasn't able to tell people adequately what it was that they were lying about, how they were lying about it, and why they were lying about it, because I had been meddled with very, very, very well.
And I'm going to feel guilty about it until the last day of my life.
I'm going to be trying to make sure that my kids understand what happened for the rest of my life.
This is one of the most important, it is the most important moment in our history.
And if we don't get this history right in our children's minds, we are going to never, ever, ever escape these slavers.
And Byron Bridle is doing the best that he can, but he is being meddled with here.
I know in my bones that three of the four of these men, three out of the four of these men are playing for the slavers and they have been since before the pandemic.
So I guess we'll go back to this.
What are the odds that this is dangerous is what Steve Kirsch asked.
McKernan to guess about Steve said 60 40 la la la he says 95 90 95 to 5 If you want to hear it again a problem here it was not disclosed to the regulators there's his own fire and we we now see this contaminant in many many vials internationally and
So I don't think they should leave them any wiggle room here on what needs to be done.
This is a hit the brakes moment.
Okay, Byron.
Yeah, so my comment.
So I'm a scientist and a hardcore researcher, right?
So when you ask a question like that, I find it more difficult to put numbers on it.
I don't disagree with Kevin at all.
The way I would put it, though, as a researcher is you look at what the existing data is, right?
There's a research question that's been posed.
So I view the question that you put to me as being a research question.
And then you say, okay, I look at the existing data.
So what would, and understanding the mechanisms and the existing data, you know, what would I predict?
You know, in other words, what would my hypothesis be as I move in forward with this kind of experimentation that Kevin's going to do?
My hypothesis would be that it's going to be found to be harmful.
Yes.
Chris, if I were to ask you for odds, would you, Kevin said 95.5.
What are your numbers, Chris?
Well, hi, Steve.
Hi, Byram.
Hey, Kevin.
It's good to see everybody.
It's good to see you.
Likewise.
So I don't know yet because a lot of my research to this point has convinced me that the spike protein itself is toxic, but I differentiate that I think what I'll call wild type spike protein, because there's a lot of them, right?
There's the Omicron spike and the Delta and all that, right?
But that this thing, this
obviously probably grotesquely misfolded pseudouridine out product that comes from the vaccines has its own toxicity profile.
I think we've got good data to say that alone is doing something.
And now we've got this plasmid on top of that.
So I don't know where to differentiate these effects yet, but I can tell you, you know, I was just at an FLCCC board retreat and, you know, I get to query
you know, Pierre Corey up close, just talking with all the doctors there who are frontline treating people with vaccine injuries.
It's just grotesque.
I mean, it's a really wide ranging soup of conditions that are hitting them.
And these are very long lasting, by the way.
You know, people who got their shots when it first came out, they are having new symptoms.
Like I know someone who got shot when the shots rolled out and she was doing very poorly, then much better, then poorly, then better.
you know she's been better for a while and I just got a call last week that she lost the use of her legs and was fine before.
Well, I've been waiting for the all-cause mortality data to die off because I thought, you know, correlation here, it should, I was thinking it was going to track with some lag, you know, the overall rate of boostering and uptake.
And, and it's just, it just keeps going, you know, so I don't.
Yeah.
It's so sweet of, of, of Chris Martinson to mention all-cause mortality with regard to, to the post shot rollout, much like,
Like they mentioned that Denny Rancourt had also identified this.
But what's really funny is that people don't want to look at all-cause mortality with regard to 2020.
They don't want to talk about the weird all-cause mortality that Jessica Hockett points out daily about New York City or about the things that we've found when we looked in Italy.
In other words, I find it incredible that they are so blatant here in their selective limiting of what they're going to talk about with Byron Bridle here, and how elegantly they all do it together.
And what is this called, ladies and gentlemen?
It's an illusion of consensus.
It's four people.
who the vast majority of which, when they watch, they think, wow, these four guys are brilliant.
They are smart.
They all have more credentials than me.
If I can even keep up with their conversation, I feel like I'm winning.
And so when he asks him the question, what are the odds of this being dangerous?
That's a question that I understand.
I know what you're asking him to answer.
And Byram gives a different answer than Kevin.
And wow, I'm really listening.
I get it.
This is cool.
Vaccine injuries, they keep coming.
Wow.
I mean, this is nothing but truth.
I'm overwhelmed.
Really tricky signals.
Deceptive.
I should clarify my point.
I wasn't saying 95-5 that it definitely harms people's DNA.
Just that 95-5 that it's going to, this is a material event in the disclosure process and that it's going to be legally significant.
Ah, so it's not about,
It's not about injury for McKernan.
Interesting.
See, I thought it was about injury for him, but it's not.
It's actually really only about the legalities of it.
And so remember at the start of the pandemic in April 24th, 2020, he was really angry and, and, and pretty vigorously saying that the FDA just need to get the hell out of the way.
He couldn't believe that an EUA required like 10 pages of paperwork.
They just need to deregulate everything and let us get on with it.
Now he's presenting as though there's some legal issue that thank goodness there's something regulatory here.
Maybe we can use that regulatory structure to call attention to a legal problem that they concealed it.
Maybe they didn't, they didn't report the sequence and they should have reported the sequence.
Well, they did give them the sequence and the regulatory agencies didn't find it.
So was it Pfizer's fault for submitting the sequence and not showing them that SV40 is right here?
Or is it the regulatory agency's problem for not having done a blast and found that themselves?
And now we're running in a hamster wheel where we ask the wrong questions over and over and over again.
Watch as it happens in real time.
If I were asked about the legal, yes, I would say 100%.
From what I've seen from Health Canada, it's 100%.
Right.
So so in other words, I mean, even, you know, like best possible case, at a minimum, these regulators should be letting the public know, hey, we may, you know, Houston, you know, we may have a problem here.
That that they should be saying that at a minimum,
Now, what they really should be doing is they should be saying, hey, let's take these things off the market, right?
Would you all agree with that, that they should be taking them off the market for now until they can invest?
I mean, CHD is in contact with Kevin McKernan.
They've been working with him to do the experiments on whether or not this integrates into cells.
They're fully, you know, he did a podcast with
with Mary Holland and Brian Hooker in 2023 still about this contamination.
CHD could have taken this to a court somewhere already a long time ago.
Make no mistake about it.
It's not like we still have to connect these people.
Brian Hooker and Kevin McKernan were on the same Senate meeting in the same picture right next to each other.
I mean,
He's been in contact with them.
CHD could be knocking down the doors with this.
They could be publishing it every day.
They could be screaming and yelling about it.
They could be suing in all 50 states.
I don't know if they are.
But they will eventually, I'm sure.
Maybe Aaron Seery will get around to it.
Boy, Aaron Seery.
I think I'm going to watch Aaron Seery's deposition of Stanley Plotkin to see how impressed I am with it in 2024 in the coming days.
I think that's a really good exercise in trying to see where the narrative edges are, because I think we're going to be very surprised there, too.
The gate, the harms.
I mean, that data was obvious years ago, but this is just one more really large nail in the coffin.
Yeah.
So when you say years ago, you know, some people said, oh, hey, we knew in 2021 that they were going to hit the market.
I have a problem here, right, that they should be saying that at a minimum.
Now, what they really should be doing is they should be saying, hey, let's take these things off the market, right?
Would you all agree with that, that they should be taking them off the market for now until they can investigate the harms?
I mean, that data was obvious years ago, but this is... That data was obvious years ago.
I wonder what data he's referring to.
Does he mean like EpiGirl's vaccine report on VAERS all the time?
Or what does he mean there?
Just one more really large nail in the coffin.
Yeah, so when you say years ago, you know, some people said, oh, hey, we knew in 2021 that the SV40, that there was SV40 in the vaccines.
Is that, or SV40 promoter sequence, did we know in 2021?
No, no, this was Kevin's discovery.
Yeah, the material they gave to the EMA, and I'm assuming this is what Health Canada has been given as well, annotated everything in the plasmid except the SV40 region.
So they were afraid of this.
I mean, you don't go about annotating a plasmid with all the detail of the antibiotic resistance gene, the T7 promoter.
Wow.
So here's, let's make sure you're very clear here.
Now we're talking about the idea.
I don't know what, they didn't substantiate why it is that this data, this was already out there years ago.
But now they are making the very specific claim that
that we didn't know about this until Kevin made the discovery.
And now I've done streams about it before.
I guess I should do another one when I start this tomorrow.
With a list of about 10 reasons why transfection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent, even its purest form, it would have been criminally negligent.
Adding on this process to, and the possibility of contamination from that plasmid or of endotoxins has a whole nother
Pandora's box.
Notice that he hasn't mentioned endotoxins yet.
He hasn't mentioned any of the other contaminations that would be expected from the Process 2 thing.
None of it.
So that's another issue here that I see as a great big red flag.
I'm probably only gonna let it play for about five more minutes and then I'm gonna roll it out.
I don't, I'm sorry that it's a little short today.
I'll make it sure it's 60 minutes and tomorrow I'll get started at 10 and there won't be a stream in the afternoon.
And so I'm not gonna read it.
I won't click it.
I'm sorry, I'm not gonna click it.
It's a tweet.
Oh, sorry.
Wow, I don't even like clicking on a tweet.
Wow, you've got to be kidding.
Okay, so it's just gonna keep going right it will keep going So now we probably have people on the internet who are gonna start to use the word murder and it's gonna be people that we know are already meddlers and not really playing for our team and so it's really gonna be hard in the coming months as this this
group of performers tries to pretend that giga ohm biological is not the reason why they're saying transfection right now and not the reason why all of these these things are having to be discussed the way they are instead of having been brushed over three years ago already and everybody would just be carrying these people around like they're the champions.
you know, the spike protein, the cut site they used to linearize it.
I mean, they went and annotated this thing with all of these details, except the most material piece, which is the SV40 promoter that's active in mammalian cells.
So to me, that is... Okay, so according to Kevin, the most significant piece is the SV40, and they chose not to put it in there.
So that's already a claim that would need to be verified.
Is it really that way?
Could we get another molecular biologist to agree with this?
It's possible.
I'm fine with that.
A mammalian promoter, they would leave it out because they didn't want you to know.
It's possible.
They're clearly hiding it.
So they showed the gene sequence.
The regulators had the SV40 gene sequence, right?
The promoter gene sequence.
They had the entire plasmid sequence.
They had the map, and in the map you sort of paint on the map what the parts mean.
There you go.
And what they didn't paint was the SV40 region, although they gave them the sequence so they can kind of slip it in, but they didn't spell out what it meant.
Okay, so you see, Steve, this is what Kevin's talking about.
See, it shows cut sites, it shows all the bioactive genes that are in here, everything.
And you can see all the labels.
So they disclosed all kinds of things, but not that SV40 enhancer.
And can I just tell you something, just really quickly for your listeners, Steve, because I think this is really important.
Listen, I've got the quotes.
So your listeners understand, this is what Health Canada, your equivalent of the FDA, said in an email.
This isn't my words.
This is what they said.
Listen,
Health Canada expects sponsors to identify any biologically functional DNA sequences within a plasmid, such as an SV40 enhancer, and this is to be done at the time of submission."
And then it says here— Wait a minute, it said that?
Yes, yes.
Yep, and then they go on to say the sponsor, which of course is Pfizer, right, did not specifically identify the SV40 sequence.
And then they say it was possible for Health Canada to confirm the presence of the enhancer based on the plasmid DNA sequence submitted by Pfizer against the published SV40 enhancer sequence.
So again, that's what we just talked about.
They submitted the sequence as a data file, right, so they have a computer file sitting there with the sequence,
They could see—and then they looked at Pfizer's document after Kevin published his data, and they said, my goodness, Kevin found this, but it isn't listed anywhere on here, but we do have the gene sequence, so we can go back, and Kevin's the expert on this.
He can tell you, you could blast that in a publicly available database, a beautiful one that your government offers, and in a few minutes you can show, bang, 100% match for the SV40 enhancer sequence in the plasmid.
That's what they did.
Right.
So so it's the equivalent, you know, so for the lay public, this is the equivalent of a like a bill in Congress where they have this long bill, you know, it's 500 pages long and they sneak in a little piece here that says, and now we're going to strip all power from the president or something like that, you know, and they don't call it to anyone's attention.
But okay, I'm going to take a pause right here.
I'll probably start it a little bit earlier than this tomorrow when we get back to it.
It gets much more interesting as they start to talk about the immunology and Byron Bridle gets going a little bit.
You can see the amount of pain that his open discussion of how little they know about the immune system starts to bother them.
So tomorrow is definitely going to be worth watching.
Again, I apologize for starting late today and I just want to let you know that I'm in talks with the people at the Red Pill Expo.
Everything's lined up.
Hotel done.
We got to book the flight.
So that's happening.
I bought my ticket for the Brownstone meeting in
Uh, for the brownstone meeting in, in November, uh, there's November 1st and second in, um,
in Pittsburgh.
I have the feeling that I might be able to get people like Jessica Hockett, or maybe even if I get really lucky, Nick Hudson to fly in for this meeting.
I think there's a possibility that my friend Mark Kulak may be coming to Pittsburgh for this meeting.
And I'm just going to put this out there right now.
There are 150 tickets, it's $540, which is obviously absurd.
But
If there was one time when we should have four, five, or six, or 10, or 40 of us in a room with 120 of them, maybe it's this time in Pittsburgh.
And if we get enough people coming to Pittsburgh, maybe we can also do a barbecue or do something that gets together everybody that came together for that meeting and for GigaOM.
I think it could be really fun.
And exciting thing to look forward to in November.
So the Red Pill Expo is the weekend of the 15th, 16th of June I believe.
And I need to look that up really quick to make sure I'm saying it correctly.
Red Pill Expo I think is this one.
Yes, no, maybe so.
Yes, I think so.
He has 15 and 16 and there are optional activities on the Monday.
I'm definitely going to be there.
So, you definitely need to do this.
So, if you can,
please be in South Dakota so I can meet you.
That might be a cheaper conference, although off the top of my head I do not know.
I don't have, I can't believe Richard Gage is going to be there.
Also Joe Bannister, the IRS agent that's featured in Freedom to Fascism, which is a great movie that you need to look up on the internet and watch.
And also,
Of course, Ed Griffin and David Webb is also going to be there.
So there's a lot of interesting people.
Brian Artis is going to be there, who is an interesting character in this.
And I would be interested to meet Lee Merritt, MD.
I think she would also be very interesting to meet.
And of course, Andrew Kaufman is going to be there.
I don't see Mickey Willis listed anymore, but I thought he was going to be there.
So that's interesting.
But anyway, that's that's the show.
intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
transfection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent.
And I don't think that RNA can pandemic.
If you liked what you saw, please go to gigaohmbiological.com and find a way to support the work or go to stream.gigaohm.bio or
Twitch or rumble and and share the work with the people that you know that might be interested in hearing it and We will be back again tomorrow with a similar show About the second half of this video with a little more time to digest it so I'll start with a summary of what we Covered up until now and then we'll pick the video up where we left off that video or that show tomorrow will probably be Back to the normal two or two and a half hours
Anyway, thanks very much.
Oh, that's the wrong one.
Thank you very much for being here, guys.
And I look forward to stopping the spread of these bad ideas in future shows with you.
Stay focused.
Don't take their bait.
And love your neighbor, please.
This has been the first half of a show about McKernan, Malone, Martinson, and Bridle.
So yeah, it's gonna be a good one tomorrow.
They get into a little more details that will also pull a little more details out of me as well.
So thanks very much, and I'll see you again tomorrow.
Oh my gosh, are you kidding me?
Did you really notice?
Okay, so I'm gonna tell you.
There's a secret for all you guys in the chat.
It's the coffee.
I didn't have any coffee today and...
and my problem is gone.
And so I don't know how to incorporate it in, but yeah, sorry, maybe I am a little wet blanket today because I don't have my coffee.
This is just tea from the mint outside.
So yeah, I don't know.
I don't think it was just the coffee.
If it was, then I don't know.
I gotta find another source of caffeine?
I don't know.
Anyway.
Oh, the panel was a wet blanket.
Oh, okay.
It's all right.
All right.
Great.